Well, let me give you one final remark on camera calibration.
In many applications, it makes perfect sense to use
the original image instead of the rectified one.
This avoids interpolation errors which you would get when
a rectified pixel position is off-center and overlaps with its neighbors.
In such a case, it is better to locate the feature in the original image and then
transform the resulting coordinates using the equations you just saw.
When you are using deep learning instead,
it makes much more sense to rectify the image first before feeding it to the network.
By using the original image,
you would probably cause detection problems as
networks are usually trained on distortion free image sense.
If this were not the case,
you would have to retrain your knowledge base every
time you change your camera and that would not be feasible.
Now before we take the first steps into computer vision,
you need to learn a few facts about color images and about different image or types.
So go ahead and complete the section including the quiz at the end.
In the next section, we will then start with an Intro to OpenCV and image processing.